It's very difficult to visualize 3d space using just screenshots, so I
built this little interactive view of our 3d regression. I'll move it around a
lot in this video, but you can also view it yourself at http://rpubs.com/abertozz/regression_3d.

The datapoints in this plot should be pretty straightforward to interpret.
Where previously we were just visualizing points on two axes, yrs.since.phd and
salary, now we've added a third dimension: years of service.

If you hover over any of these data values, you can see their coordinates. If you
pivot the plot such that you're staring straight down the barrel of the "yrs.service"
axis, you can recreate our familiar "salary" vs "years since phd" plot, and similarly
by turning the plot the other way, you can view just "salary" vs "yrs.service".

The real question is what this big honking plane is running through our data.
You can get some intuition for what this plane does by rotating the dataset in
the way we did before. When we're just looking at yrs.since.phd, the plane
collapses down into a regression line running through the yrs.since.phd data.
Similarly, when we rotate the other way we can replicate a regression line
running through the yrs. service angle.

This regression plane is exactly analogous to our regression line, just in three
dimensions instead of two. We need to have a predicted value for *any* combination
of a yrs.service value and a yrs.since.phd value, so we need a plane to cover
that entire space.

We still just run plain old OLS to get this outcome--
now, the residuals are computed as the distance from a datapoint to its
corresponding prediction *on the plane*, not on any one line. The math is exactly
the same as it was before.

What if we want to add another continuous variable to our regression? We wouldn't
be able to easily visualize it anymore, but the math for that, again, is trivial.
We would be doing exactly the same thing-- adding another slope that would transform
our plane into a *manifold* that could give a predicted salary value for any
combination of our three predictor variables.

If you want to play around more with these types of 3d plot, I'd recommend going
to http://shiny.stat.calpoly.edu/3d_regression/. This is a really nice little app
that lets you see what happens when you run different regressions in a 3d variable
space. The first one, sepal.length + sepal.width, creates a plane similar to the
one we created for the Salaries dataset. I'd also recommend looking at the third
one, sepal.length + sepal.width + species, which shows what happens when you
add a *categorical* variable to a regression with two continuous predictors. This
is a great primer for our next section.

The second and fourth selections show regressions that are a little beyond the
scope of this class, but you're welcome to take a look at them.

Hopefully this video gave you a good intuition for adding continuous variables
to regressions, now let's move on to categorical variables!
